[Music]
nine natural ways to get rid of facial
hair that actually work according to
statistics hirsutism also known as
excessive body hair in extremely unusual
areas like the chest or chin affects
about 5% to 10% of women of all ages but
even when they are perfectly healthy
almost every woman has to use tweezers
on her face from time to time to look
gorgeous and this hurts
ouch does this sound familiar then we
have some great news for you
we discovered that it's not always
necessary to use such painful methods of
facial hair removal there are other less
painful ways that can be found right in
your kitchen some of them may seem
unexpected but they do work before we
start click the red subscription button
and turn on notifications otherwise you
might miss something exciting that's
happening on the bright side of life
number 9
green gram flour + rose water the
ingredients you'll need to prepare this
hair removal substance are two
tablespoons of green gram flour 1 to 2
tablespoons of rose water 1 tablespoon
of lemon juice if you find all of them
in your kitchen at once
lucky you here's what you need to do
next one place the green gram flour and
rosewater in a bowl and mix them well to
add the lemon juice to the paste and mix
the ingredients once again is the remedy
ready then 1 apply the paste to the
affected areas of your skin to let it
sit for about 20 to 25 minutes or until
it's completely dry 3 rub the mask off
with your fingers
try to repeat this procedure three to
four times a week you'll see amazing
results pretty soon after all green gram
flour has great exfoliating properties
and when it's coupled with rose water it
helps to inhibit hair growth don't worry
this recipe is suitable for all skin
types
number eight onion plus basil the next
solution may seem a bit extreme and time
consuming but it's no less effective
you'll need two medium onions ten to
twelve basil leaves here's how you
prepare the mixture that will help get
rid of unwanted hair 1 find the thin
transparent membranes of skin between
the layers of an onion to crush the
membranes with basil leaves to make a
paste after you have fulfilled this
slightly tedious task 1 apply the paste
to unwanted hair and leave it there for
20 to 25 minutes to wash it off with
warm water you should repeat this
procedure 3 to 4 times a week for 12
months onion is extremely beneficial for
you as it facilitates hair growth
however when used along with basil it
gives the reverse effect and helps you
get rid of facial hair this mixture is
also suitable for all skin types
number 7 lavender oil + tea tree oil
this recipe is much more fragrant you'll
need 1 TSP of lavender oil 4 to 6 drops
of tea tree oil the preparation couldn't
be easier just mix the lavender oil with
the tea tree oil in a bowl do you have a
wonderfully fragrant liquid one now
apply the mixture of oils onto the
facial hair with a cotton ball try to
repeat this process two to three times a
day for at least 3 months
lavender and tea tree oil have
anti-angiogenic properties which help to
remove unwanted hair this solution is
especially good for oily and acne prone
skin types number 6
honey + sugar the next recipe is so
sweet literally take 1 tablespoon of
honey 2 tablespoons of sugar 1
tablespoon of water
after all the ingredients are ready
here's what you need to do 1 put the
sugar into a bowl and add the honey in
water to place the mixture in the
microwave for about 30 seconds or until
the sugar dissolves and mixes with the
liquids done now 1 apply the paste to
the parts of your face with unwanted
hair to place a strip of cloth over the
applied mixture and let it cool for a
couple of seconds 3 pull the strip in
the opposite direction to the one in
which your hair is growing yes it hurts
a bit but think about the result the
hair won't grow for at least several
weeks that's why you can repeat this
procedure only when needed this peel-off
mask removes all unwanted hair instantly
and as an added bonus perfectly
exfoliates dead skin cells it's also
suitable for all skin types number 5
oatmeal plus banana this recipe could
make a great breakfast but you can use
it to get rid of unwanted hair 2
tablespoons of oatmeal one ripe banana
to prepare this cool remedy 1 take a
banana and mash it into a paste to blend
the oatmeal and the mashed banana in a
bowl when you have the paste ready 1
apply a generous amount of it to the
desired areas and rub it in a circular
motion to let the paste sit for 15 to 20
minutes and then wash it off with cold
water repeat this procedure 1 to 2 times
a week as you will see oatmeal has a
grainy texture which makes it a great
exfoliating agent for facial skin as for
bananas they've been widely used to
fight unwanted body hair for a long time
this recipe is also suitable for all
skin types
number four gelatin plus milk do you
have gelatin in your kitchen if not
you'll have to visit the nearest grocery
store but the result will be worth the
trip you need 1 tbsp of unflavored
gelatin powder 3 tablespoons of whole
milk a few drops of lemon juice how to
prepare this mask 1 in a bowl mix the
gelatin with the milk and lemon juice to
heat the mixture in the microwave for 15
to 20 seconds after you have done this 1
remove the mixture from the microwave
let it cool off for a few seconds make
sure that it's not hot anymore and then
apply it directly to your face to let
the mask sit on your face for 5 minutes
and then peel it off with your fingers
you can repeat this process as often as
needed this mask is extremely sticky and
can peel off all unwanted hairs
instantly it can also help you get rid
of blackheads and dead skin cells it's
suitable for all skin types
except sensitive and acne prone skin
number 3 egg plus cornstarch for this
hair removing mask you'll need 1 egg 1/2
a tablespoon of cornstarch 1 tablespoon
of sugar 1 crack an egg and put the egg
white into a bowl to add the sugar and
cornstarch to it and stir the
ingredients well to make a smooth paste
after the mask is ready 1 apply the
paste to your face and let it dry for 20
to 25 minutes - once the paste is hard
enough grab it and rip it off ouch again
apply this mask two to three times a
week egg whites stick to your facial
hairs and pluck them as perfectly a
store-bought wax such a procedure is
suitable for all skin types
except acne prone and sensitive skin
[Music]
number two potato plus lentil we bet
you'll easily find some potatoes and
lentils in your kitchen right now
prepare the following ingredients 1 cup
of yellow lentils 1 potato 1 tablespoon
of fresh lemon juice 1 tablespoon of
honey you'll have to spend a bit more
time on this recipe as you need some
additional preparation 1 soak the
lentils in water overnight 2 in the
morning run the soaked lentils through a
food processor to crush them into a
thick paste 3 peel the potato and run it
through the food processor as well 4
take a sieve and pass the crushed potato
through it to extract as much potato
juice as possible 5 mix the potato juice
with the lentil paste and then add the
honey and lemon juice to the mixture
when this process is complete you can
use this remedy 1 apply the paste to the
affected areas and let it sit for 20 to
30 minutes - once the mask is fully dry
remove it with your fingers the paste
will fall off taking your unwanted hair
with it repeat this procedure 1 to 2
times a week
dried lentils make it easier for your
hair to be pulled out and potatoes have
natural bleaching properties which help
lighten your remaining hairs and make
them less visible this mask is suitable
for all skin types but if you have dry
skin don't forget to use a moisturizer
after applying the mask number one
papaya plus tumeric finally are you
ready for something exotic
then prepare one raw papaya and half a
teaspoon of turmeric powder 1 peel the
papaya and cut it into little pieces to
mash the pieces to make a paste 3 mix
the papaya paste with the turmeric
powder after this bright remedy is ready
1 apply it to the parts of your face
with unwanted hair to massage your skin
gently at first and then let the mask
sit for 15 to 20 minutes 3 wash it off
with warm water
you can enjoy the papaya mask twice a
week the pain and enzyme found in raw
papaya disintegrates the cuticle of the
human hair and causes it to fall out
naturally this recipe is suitable for
all skin types bonus how to remove
unwanted hair effectively be patient
when trying out home remedies as most of
them usually take longer to show results
have a steam bath before using any of
the remedies to open up your skin pores
after completing a treatment wash your
face thoroughly to keep your skin clean
and neat drink plenty of water as well
as fruit and vegetable juices to stay
hydrated and get all the essential
vitamins for your skin to balance your
hormones and reduce the growth of
unwanted hair stick to a healthy diet
and exercise regularly
if you experience unusual hair growth
along with the appearance of certain
masculine features like decreased breast
size or deepening of your voice or
increased muscle mass consult your
doctor which would you prefer to put on
your face onion and basil or honey and
sugar if you would choose the first
option write the word onion in the
comments one comment equals one letter
in such a way that nobody manages to cut
in if the second alternative is more to
your liking write the word honey in the
same manner and if you opt for another
recipe press the like button
you